you
does the amount of money someone have
really matter in a relationship whether
it's the girl or the guy oh I mean I
think it says something if they have
enough money to support you and your
outing me but do you have to be a
millionaire no okay I think money does
matter because personally I think a
certain amount of money that you have in
the bank is a sign of your success and
success is a sign of ambition there are
tons of people who inherit money I
personally never been impressed by
anyone who's inherited money I always
loved stories of self-made men the thing
that I find most attractive and people I
meet a lot of times I met people were
very wealthy and you would never know it
right you know cuz they never speak of
it I always find that you know very
unattractive if someone seems to care
about money too much like gold diggers
like gold diggers thank you I don't want
to use the G word she dropped it I think
they're very shallow that's I mean
that's all I have to say I think that's
all you can't say about it you know
because I mean there are men that just
want company so they the women the gold
diggers find their men and the men have
their I don't know what you want to call
it so the idiots and the whores find
each other
and then they're happy and if you are a
gold digger would you have to realize is
that if a guy's into gold diggers he he
knows that you're completely disposable
because if you're if you're both so
shallow
why would I just move on to someone else
and I'm tired of you right and what do
you think about relationship with a
woman makes more money than the man well
I've only been in relationships where
the men made more money than me it's
neither been here or there
I in terms of women making more money I
would understand where that would cause
security issues for the man because you
want to be the breadwinner that's
something that you'd have to deal with
on your own that's not my problem
if I'm making more money than you and
you have an issue with that sorry but
that's personally what if you gesturing
towards me oh no problem woman there's
been a few times in my life where I've
been dating someone who you know there
are definitely a little more successful
and I
didn't mind that because I thought it
was a turn-on that like they were very
successful they were very driven but as
a guy I will admit that if someone made
way more than I did I would probably
have a problem with it because I'm very
old fashioned where I do believe the man
should be the provider and protect her
if you really really really liked a
woman she made way more money thinking
he wouldn't date her no no I would still
date her because I'm a hound no I would
totally still date her but if anything
I'd probably make an incentive like I
need to be more successful I don't
understand guys who are okay with not
being successful because man or woman I
think that's just very unattractive but
easily bombs I'm talking about balls
right the qualities I find attractive in
men a drive and passion are my top two
and confidence on my top three so that's
something very important to me my
boyfriend he's younger than me only by
like I think one or two years but he's
been out of college for a couple years
but he's totally okay working on the
beach I don't get that I don't get it I
turn I'm a son of immigrants and they
just whip it into you like you need to
be successful I don't to be the best at
this thing that I can be you don't even
have to be the best striving to the BFS
is actually noble in itself there are
people who just don't care and I I just
don't care about them I guess